1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

It creates a git metadata to track the changes in your repository.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

Working directory - your local copy
Repository - repository in Git/CLoud
Staging area - area in between your repository and working directory where you
can temporarily add your changes.

It offers ability to see a snapshot of all your changes from the files on the
repository and your working directory. Additionally, it offers a temporary
place for these changes so in case you want to remove them, you can do so.

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

Add all the files/changes for one logical change to the staging area as you go
along. Commit when all the needed changes for that logical change is done.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

Branches will be helpful when you're adding a temporary feature that you're
not sure that will be used or if you have a new project that will add a new
feature to your code but you also need to keep a "clean" code that represents
the code that exists in production. Branches would help in these cases since
you can create a separate branch for your new changes and you can still keep a
'clean' copy of your previous code. In case there are changes needed to be
applied to production code for example, you can just apply it to your prod
branch.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

By looking at the diagram, you'll be able to see the commits that are
reacheable and those that are not. You can also see at want point a branch,
er, branches out from the main or master branch.

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is the combination of all changes
in the branches to one branch. It is represented that way since both 'paths'
form the previously separate branch are now reachable in our new merged
branch.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

Saves time when merging changes from 2 branches specially if you only have
simple changes.
